(SINGING)
It seems today that all you see
Is violence in movies and sex on TV
But where are those
Good old-fashioned values
ALL: On which we used to rely?
Lucky there's a family guy
Lucky there's a man who positively can do
All the things that make us
Laugh and cry
ALL: He's a family guy!
Ah, the annual
Quahog Star Trek Convention,
where once a year, sci-fi buffs
take their lips off the barrel
of a loaded gun
and spend half a day adjusting
their eyes to sunlight.
Brian, look... I've purchased
authentic blueprints to build
a Star Trek transporter.
Well, that's great, Stewie.
You should get William Shatner
to sign 'em for you.
No way! I'm getting
Patrick Stewart to sign it.
Picard has it all over Kirk.
He's poised and measured
and doesn't wear a cheap rug.
Rather, he accepts even
baldness with a quiet cool
that says, "I am in command.
You are safe with me.
"I will cradle you in my arms
through any crisis in any galaxy."
-Are you queer?
-Probably.
Dad, this is stupid. I'm so bored!
How can you be bored?
This convention has everything.
You can even try on
LeVar Burton's visor.
(SCREAMING)
Why would he wear these?
Who would invent these for him?
And in conclusion,
whether your dreams are
earthbound or set in the stars,
follow your heart and make it so.
Ooh-hoo-hoo, boy, oh, he said
the thing he says on TV!
Now, the cast and I would be
happy to answer a few questions.
Oh, yes, so many questions!
Me! Me! Mr. Stewart! Mr. Stewart!
M-Stewart! M-Stewart! Stew! Stew!
Stuh! Stuh! Stuh! Stuh!
-Yes? You there.
-Oh!
Yes, I have a question.
Um, oftentimes, my household sponges
accumulate an awful amount of buildup.
What can I do to prevent this?
That's an excellent question.
It's very important
to thoroughly wring out
your sponges after every usage.
This will prevent the accumulation
of grime and bacteria.
A dry sponge is a happy sponge.
That's not a Star Trek question!
I have a question
for Jonathan Frakes.
I have this itch
on the back of my leg,
and I can't figure out
if it's a bug bite or dry skin.
-Do you take hot showers?
-Yes.
-Dry skin.
-Thanks.
These aren't Star Trek questions!
What the hell?
I have a question for Gates McFadden.
I've got an artesian well on my property,
and the water pressure is lousy.
Any suggestions?
I would check the point first,
before re-priming it.
But remember that the summer months
take a particular toll
on any region's aquifer,
depending on the local climate.
-This is horse (BLEEP)
-And that's the last question.
Thank you for coming.
You've been wonderful.
(CHEERING, SHOUTING)
(QUIETLY) You bastards!
I'll get my question answered
one way or another!
Oh, my God, what a great costume!
Meg, Meg, come take your picture
with this space alien guy!
No, Dad! I don't want to!
Come on! It'll be funny!
(SIGHS)
Ha-ha-ha! What a wonderful
novelty photo this will make!
Thanks so much, buddy.
Hey, how'd you make that awesome mask?
It's not a mask... I have the mumps.
What? You came to a Star Trek
convention with the mumps?
You could be infecting people
with a disease!
Yeah, like that old gypsy
did to Britney Spears
in that Stephen King book.
(SOFTLY) Thicker!
Well, Meg has the mumps, all right.
How is it she was
never immunized?
Well, it was 1992,
and I couldn't be bothered
with anything that didn't
involve Dan Cortese.
Besides, what's the big deal?
I never got a mumps shot.
Really? Well, I'd caution
you that getting the mumps
as an adult could result
in serious complications.
In some cases, the symptoms could
spread to the testicular glands.
Big deal... So I'll wear socks.
Mr. Griffin, your testicles
are not in your feet.
-Well, where are they?
-Under your penis.
Are you kidding? I always thought
those were two little sandbags
to keep floodwaters from
floating into my bum.
(CHUCKLES) No, no,
I'm just poking at your funny bone.
I am quite alarmed.
I don't think you realize the danger.
Like the people who think it's okay
to bring shampoo on an airplane!
So, I told Brenda, I work hard,
I like a clean house when I come home.
And now I'm the bad guy.
Oh, I know exactly where you're coming...
Ow! It's in my eyes!
See, Chris?
Come here, come here, look.
Check it out.
Holy crap, no way!
-(LAUGHS)
-I know, huh? Classic.
-(SHUTTER CLICKS)
-I got to forward this to my bud.
(PHONE VIBRATES)
(LAUGHS LOUDLY)
Meg, I know you hate having
to be in bed all day,
but your father's
bringing in the old TV.
(ECHOING) Hey, Meg.
Peter, what the hell?
I don't want to catch the mumps, Lois.
Here's your TV, Meg.
It's a little old and there's no remote
and it only gets one channel
and it's not on that channel right now.
Chris, check it out.
Jackass Number Two.
(FARTS LOUDLY)
(SNIFFING)
(HYSTERICAL YELLING)
(MUFFLED SPLASHING, GAGGING)
(CONTINUES GAGGING)
(LAUGHTER)
This whole day has been
one big laugh riot.
Finally!
-TV ANNOUNCER: Up next, Kirk Cameron...
-Ooh!
-...to talk about God.
-Oh.
Hi. Welcome to the Religion
Channel's number one show,
Kirk and the Lord... Just Hangin'.
With me, Kirk Cameron.
Today, I'm gonna tell you why
God will always be there for you,
even in the worst of times.
No, thanks.
But first...
Are you lonely, unappreciated,
not totally happy
with your physical appearance?
Go on.
Are you unloved?
Do you feel like
no one cares about you?
Meg, your mother made soup for you.
-Here you go, honey.
-(YELLS)
Well, you know who does love you?
The Lord.
PETER: Here's your milk.
Rupert, my transporter is complete.
If my calculations are correct,
the cast of Star Trek:
The Next Generation
will soon be here
to answer all my questions.
-(TRANSPORTER WHIRS)
-(STATIC CRACKLES)
Wait a minute, something's wrong.
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
All right, you girls ready?
-(WOMEN SPEAK FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
-What's going on?
(WOMEN GIGGLING)
Don't you laugh at it!
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
Good morning, Mom and Dad.
Wow! Look who's finally
out of her room after five days.
-So, you feel better, Meg?
-All better, Mom.
I was made well by the hand of God.
"This is the day that the Lord hath made.
Let us rejoice and be glad in it!"
Meg, what are you talking about?
I'm talking about God, Mom!
I've been reborn!
That's right, folks,
it's gonna be a Meg episode.
Stick around for the fun.
Here's the clicker. No one'd blame you.
Wh... What do you mean
you found the Lord?
I've been washed in the blood of the Lamb.
Kirk Cameron explained it all to me.
The Lord is my savior!
It's that damn Religion Channel.
She was watching it all day
while she was bedridden.
I want to share the Word
of God with everyone I know,
starting with my family.
Now, everyone hold hands,
because we are gonna say grace
before we eat.
Dad, would you like to do the honors?
Are you kiddin'?
I'd love a chance to shine!
All right, Peter, this is it.
Dear Lord, please give
me the cheat codes
for Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!!
I have been stuck on
"Bald Bull" for four years.
I tried left, left, up,
B, dodge, uppercut,
but he still knocks me out.
And, you know, they say
you're supposed to go
right, B, up, dodge, left, uppercut...
(CHUCKLES) Listen to me
telling you how to play the game.
All right, let's try this again.
(ELECTRONIC WHIRRING)
It's them! I did it!
The cast of Star Trek: The Next Generation
is here to answer my questions!
-What the hell? Where am I?
-What's going on?
Greetings, everyone.
My name is Stewie Griffin.
I've transported you all
here against your will.
I'm a huge fan,
and you're going
to answer all my questions.
But you're a baby.
Yes, that's right, Denise Crosby.
(CAST GASPS)
That was a warning.
Please do not speak
unless you're spoken to.
Now, question number one...
What's it like on the set?
The show's been off the air
for 15 years.
Although I will say,
it was an awful lot of fun.
You know, when Patrick
wasn't hogging the limelight.
Oh, (BLEEP) you, Michael!
15 years later
you've still got that attitude!
Oh, my God, I'm already
having a fantastic time.
Ooh, hey, let's spend the day together.
Hey, that sounds like fun.
-Ow!
-Shut up, Wil!
Stop it, Patrick!
You know, I think you should
all be nicer to Whhil Whheaton.
The way I treat my colleagues...
Wait. What?
I said you ought to be nicer
to Whhil Whheaton.
-You mean Wil Wheaton.
-Yes, Whhil Whheaton.
-Why are you saying it like that?
-What? I'm just saying
you should be nicer to Whhil Whheaton.
-Whhil Whheaton seems like a nice guy.
-Say "wheat."
-Wheat.
-Now, say "Wil Wheaton."
-Whhil Whheaton.
-Wil Wheaton.
Hey, did you hook up with
Whhoopi Goldberg on the show?
All the time.
Meg, what the hell?
I was watching that!
It's time for Kirk Cameron.
And I think it's important
for all of you to hear
his inspiring message
about the Word of God.
(GROANS) Oh, again, Meg?
You know, I think it's wonderful
you found something to have faith in,
but there's such
a thing as moderation.
Ugh, Mom! You sound like a nonbeliever!
Brian, you're a thoughtful person...
Are you willing to open
yourself up to God's truth?
Oh, you're barking up the wrong tree, Meg.
I'm an atheist.
-(ALL GASP)
-What's that?
I don't believe in God.
What?
Brian, how can you say that?
Why, I just thought you knew.
I mean, I never go to church...
You know how I feel about that.
No, Brian, it's one thing
to bash organized religion,
but we believe in God in this house.
I mean, an atheist?
That's just about the worst
thing a person can be.
You're not gonna get anything
for Christmas, Brian!
-Guys, I'm just trying to say...
-Shut up, beast!
I have dominion over you,
and I command you to believe in God!
I'm sorry, I just don't see any evidence.
I mean, look at the Hubble Telescope.
It's discovered untold wonders of a vast,
unexplored universe, but not one picture
of a guy with a beard
sitting around on a cloud.
I mean, what's he doing up there?
(SINGING)
God!
Ah, ah
He's a miracle
You know, you keep talking like that,
God's gonna get you, Brian.
He's gonna get you with the Kodak Disc.
(SINGING)
Oh, God's gonna getcha with the Kodak Disc
I'm sorry, what were
we talking about?
Hey! Where the hell is my van?
Stewie, I'm not really
much of a fast food eater.
Yeah? Can you read my mind?
Can you tell what I'm thinking right now?
I'm thinking, "Shut up and get a salad."
-I want some McNuggets.
-We'll get to you, Brent!
I want a hamburger...
No, a Cheeseburger.
I want a hot dog, I want a milkshake.
You'll get nothing and like it!
Uh, hello?
MAN: Yes, welcome to McDonald's.
Can I help you?
Oh, hailing frequencies open, huh?
(LAUGHS)
Okay. Uh, yeah, we're gonna get, uh,
two McChicken sandwiches
and a Diet Coke and...
-Uh, uh, what do you want, Michael?
-A McDLT.
No, I already told you,
they don't make those anymore.
You know, sometimes it's a regional thing.
You could ask.
No McDonald's anywhere
makes a McDLT anymore.
I'd love a Shamrock Shake,
if they've got any of those.
It's September, Jonathan!
Stewie, can I take this
(BLEEP) headband off?
No, LeVar. You're blind.
That's the only way you can see.
I'm just saying, they have all
the ingredients for a McDL...
-(CAR HORN BLARES)
-Just hang on, all right?
There's a lot of us,
there's a lot of... It's a big order!
What time do they stop
serving breakfast?
It's 3:00.
Some of them serve breakfast all day.
None of them serve breakfast all day!
Do they have beer?
Hey, Brian, in hopes that
you'll open your heart to God,
I wanted to give you this cross.
No, I don't want a cross.
Would you want it
if I threw it over there?
-No, please don't do that.
-You gonna get it, boy?
-No. Please, no.
-Go get it, boy!
(BARKING)
Okay, give it back now.
(GROWLS)
(CONTINUES GROWLING)
(GROWLING "THE RIGHT STUFF"
BY NEW KIDS ON THE BLOCK)
Brian, Kirk Cameron
is the one who converted me,
but unfortunately, he's not available.
So, I got his younger brother
from Growing Pains.
Will you guys buy me
a case of Sudafed?
Don't you want
to tell Brian about Jesus?
They got my picture up at the drug store,
and they won't sell me any Sudafed.
I'll make it worth your while.
-Ben!
-Dad!
Ben, what have I told you
about trading sexual favors for Sudafed?
Look, Meg, I've had enough of this.
You're not gonna convert me.
But, Brian, I just want you
to feel the joy that I feel.
I mean, the church makes
me feel accepted and safe
and part of something
bigger than myself.
But, Meg, you don't need an outside voice
to feel those feelings.
They're inside you.
What you call God is inside you,
all of us.
And I just hate to see people
hating and killing each other
over their own interpretation
of what they're not
smart enough to understand.
You see what I'm saying?
Oh, I do, Brian.
And I think I know just what to do.
Good evening, I'm Tom Tucker.
Our top story tonight,
just when you thought the world
couldn't be any more dangerous,
Channel Five News has discovered
that there is an atheist among us.
Local churchgoer and Junior
Christian Soldier Meg Griffin
has identified the atheist as
Brian Griffin of Spooner Street.
Here's the reaction from City Hall.
Shocking, to say the least.
I'd rather have a terrorist
living in our midst.
At least they believe in a god.
Even if it's a smelly, brown god.
Meg, how the hell could you
do something like this?
"If a man hath ears, let him hear," Brian!
All right, what's...
What's the worst that can happen?
This is the 21st century.
People are tolerant.
Well, this is nothing.
Probably just a random act of violence.
I thought only he without sin
could cast the first Prius.
Ha!
(PEOPLE CLAMORING)
Oh, my God, that was a close one.
-Brian, what happened?
-I'm a pariah, Lois.
Ever since Meg told everyone
I'm an atheist,
I'm the most hated person in town.
I tried to rent a movie
and they threw me out.
I tried to buy a pack of cigarettes
But the most serious part of it is,
no bar would serve me a drink.
Well, if you ask me,
I think laying off the sauce
-could do you some good, Brian.
-Yeah, right.
If you need me, I'll be in the kitchen.
Oh, I hope he finds faith of some kind.
You know who doesn't
have all these problems?
Marmaduke.
All he does is eat pies
off the high counter.
Next time around,
we're gonna get ourselves
a big, tall pie-eating dog, Lois.
-Okay, Peter.
-Or Howard Huge.
Let's get Howard Huge.
Great, we have a game plan.
(SIGHS) Hold it together, Brian.
Hold it together.
Come on, you know you want a drink.
Yeah, come on, Brian, drink us.
(LIKE SCHWARZENEGGER) Come on! Drink me!
What are you waiting for?
(LISPING) Yeah, you big silly ass.
Just wrap your lips around
me and take a big gulp.
Get to the chopper!
All right, everybody got
your bowling shoes?
-Everybody got your balls?
-I don't have my shoes.
Jonathan, we were just up at the counter.
-Why didn't you get your shoes?
-I don't have my shoes either.
What the hell...
You need your shoes to bowl!
Now, why exactly
can I not wear my loafers?
What is the danger there?
Because, Patrick, because,
Patrick, those are the rules.
Well, I think it's just because
they want another $1.50 from me.
All right, I'm putting
our names in. Brent...
-No, no, don't put "Brent."
-(SIGHS)
Put "Rock Kickass."
I don't know how to change it.
I already typed it in!
For mine, put "Dirk Diggler."
I'm not gonna put everyone as a fake name!
How do you want to do the teams?
How about the white guys
against the black guys?
-Patrick, don't be an instigator.
-I have to pee.
Brent, take Michael
to the bathroom, please.
Okay.
Look at me, I've got girl boobs!
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
Hey, Meg, guess what? I've seen the light.
-Really?
-Yes. Hallelujah, I believe in God!
Lordy, Lordy, I believe.
Oh, Brian, that's fantastic news!
I know, I know.
Hey, you mind spreading
the news around town?
Say, maybe down at the liquor store,
maybe down at The Clam.
Of course, Brian.
But first, we have work to do...
God's work.
And God will be happy
that you're joining me.
Then I say let's celebrate the way
they did in the Bible, with wine.
Red wine, you know, like Jesus drank.
-Do you like the wine?
-Very much. What is it?
Take a guess.
-I have to leave.
-(LOCK CLICKS)
Nah, sit down.
(SIGHS) Thanks for setting
everyone straight, Meg.
I feel the warm, healing, liquid presence
of God's genuine, cold-filtered grace.
It was my pleasure, Brian.
And now we get to do the work of the Lord.
Come on!
-What? What are we doing?
-God's will, Brian.
-A book burning?
-Come on, grab an armful!
We have to destroy everything
that's harmful to God!
Meg, I can't be a part of this,
and neither should you!
What are you talking about?
I thought you'd seen the light, Brian.
Well, to be honest, I lied for booze.
But, Meg, you're a smart girl.
You ought to be able to see that
what's going on here is wrong.
You are not gonna turn me
from my faith, Brian.
Okay, fine. Then let me just ask you this.
If there were a God, would
He have put you here on Earth
with a flat chest and a fat ass?
-I'm made in His image.
-Really?
Would He give you
a smoking hot mom like Lois,
and then have you grow up
looking like Peter?
Well...
And what kind of God
would put you in a house
where no one respects or cares about you,
not even enough to get you
a damn mumps shot?
Oh, no.
You're right, Brian.
You're right.
I'm sorry, Meg.
But what is there
to believe in without God?
Where do the answers come from?
Well, that's all part
of the human experience.
It's what we're here to find out.
And I bet you that the real answer
to the nature of our existence
is gonna be more unimaginably amazing
than we can possibly conceive.
Rob.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
I swear I heard something.
(SIGHS WEARILY) Oh, Adam,
we've been over and over this.
There is nothing under your bed,
there is nothing in the closet,
there are no such things
as monsters, all right?
All right, I guess.
Good.
Now try to go to sleep,
'cause we got to get up
in the morning and make movies.
We're big Hollywood actors.
Yeah, we are!
(CHUCKLES)
This was exhausting.
This whole experience
was absolutely exhausting.
You people have ruined
Star Trek: The NextGeneration for me.
You are absolutely the most
insufferable group of jackasses
I have ever had the misfortune of
spending an extended period of time with.
I hope you all (BLEEP) die.
I still have five prize tickets
from the carnival.
There was nothing for five tickets!
We've been over this!
Well, but LeVar and I
were going to pool ours
for the fuzzy troll pencil topper.
Oh, yeah? You gonna share that?
Yeah, we were gonna share it.
Really? How's that gonna work?
Three days at my house,
three days at LeVar's
and alternating Sundays.
For a pencil topper?
I have to pee again.
That's it. Good-bye.
(BLEEP)